---
title: GusPo Fanfic
layout: page
---

# You, like me?

School outings usually sucked like hell and this one had seemed like just another one of the countless ones his overeager teachers kept arranging. Only this one was different. A weird, unlikely school party on the sunny beaches of Gotland. The august sun burnt down, heating the sand so it was almost too hot to stand on comfortably and making the teenagers thirsty for cool soft drinks. Gustaf thought a beer might also have been good but none of his friends had dared to smuggle any in.  He had thought about nicking a bottle of white wine from his parents' cabinet but figured it wasn't worth it - the stuff tasted awful so what was the use of getting in trouble for it? He took in the late-afternoon beach. Furthest from him and his buddies were overly done-up girls from his year trying to get older guys interested - mostly futile and embarrassing attempts. Closer was a group of 12th-graders playing beach volleyball. The teams were seemingly random, players kept swapping in and out of the game and rooting for the team the played in. Gustaf's gaze rested on a tall guy who didn't seem to want to swap out to watch - he kept getting the most ridiculous plays, alternately diving hard to cover a corner, then jumping with seemingly superhuman strength to deliver a crushing blow and send the ball shooting across the net. He didn't know why exactly his interest was held by this for longer than a few seconds but soon Gustaf found himself counting points and his guy was making most of them. 

Scorpo just loved this. The hot sand under his feet, the sun on his skin, all of it making him feel like this day was blending into his body. And he liked being the hero of his team. At first he just wanted to join in lobbing a few lazy balls across the net but it had become serious fast. He'd eaten a good few bites of sand going for risky but high-gain plays but he was rewarded by the cheers of his teammates and the onlookers. The game was one of the rare occurrences where people got together doing something but this shared activity became larger than life in the process, galvanizing the participants, joining them by an ephemeral yet beautiful band of friendship. Scorpo breathed this feeling in and took in his surroundings with surreal acuity, his eyes wondering over friends and teachers, over kids relaxing with feet in the water, over near and distant groups of students. Out of all these people, all those individual stories unfolding on this gorgeous day, he found his eyes lock with a slightly short guy who was maybe in 9th grade. Dark brown eyes looked at his sweaty body, from their dark depths sending a shiver across Scorpo's broad, sweaty back.

